- [Instructor] In order to get started with the deployment,
ensure that you have Oracle's JDK installed
and not the OpenJDK.
This is due to licensing reasons.
To get the latest copy of WebLogic,
you'll need to navigate to the oracle.com Downloads page.
However, you'll first need an Oracle account.
No worries here.
You can register for free by creating an account.
Basically navigate to the oracle.com site,
locate the Account icon in the top right corner.
As you hover over it, it'll give you
the option to create an account.
Or if you already have an account,
click the Sign In button.
Once logged in, go back to the Downloads page,
scroll down to the middle of the page
where it says Middleware, click on the link.
Luckily, these are alphabetically sorted.
Scroll down to the WebLogic 12c Server.
We want to accept the license.
Going to change the dropdown here to the Generic Installer,
and then we're going to click Download File.
Once the download is complete,
we're going to navigate to our terminal.
Going to copy from the downloads folder
the fm 12.2, and we're going to place this
in our current directory.
From there, we'll run unzip.
We'll unzip the directory.
Clear the screen.
And then we're going to run the command java-jar
fmw_12.2, wls.jar.
This will kick off a launcher, a GUI,
and we'll walk through the steps from there.
Once the installation of an inventory page comes up,
we're going to basically follow the defaults, click OK.
And then we'll click Next.
We'll skip the auto updates.
We'll leave the Oracle home as is.
We'll leave it as WebLogic Server, click Next.
And we'll click Install.
This process can take up to 10 minutes
depending upon your system.
We'll click Next.
We'll make sure this, Automatically Launch
Configuration Wizard, is checked, and click Finish.
At this point, the Configuration Wizard will kick off.
We're going to change the base domain name,
and we're going to call this our hplus domain.
We'll click Next.
And here, we're going to skip and go to Next.
At this point, we have the name of our server,
we have a password and a confirmation.
I'm going to use my tried and true password,
the capital MY$3CRET, my secret.
Capital MY$3CRET.
We'll click Next.
You have two choices here.
You can leave it in development mode,
or you could use a production mode.
We're going to go ahead and select Production mode
for our purposes and click Next.
For this screen, we'll leave it in its default.
And we'll click Create.
Click Next.
And Finish.
So now, we're going to open up our terminal window.
We'll clear the screen here.
And we are going to go
into the Oracle/Middleware/Oracle_Home.
We will go to the user_projects/domains/hplus_domain/
and then to our bin directory
and type startWebLogic.
This is going to prompt us for our username and password.
We'll type WebLogic and our password.
As you can see, our server
is in a starting state of running.
Go to our browser.
Type http://localhost7001,
hit Enter and add console, there we go.
Here's our WebLogic Server.
And enter the username WebLogic
and the password, MY$ECRET, and log in.